From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, in the Meltdown showroom, Harmontown is now in session.
I am your Comptroller, Jeff Davis. Please welcome your judging master, Spencer Crittenden, to the stage.
And now please welcome the Mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you, Jeff Davis everybody.
I was almost going to pull my phone out and put my drink down for a physical ritual that has long oppressed me, but I'm free now.
Dan is presenting the audience his new Apple Watch, what do they call it, Apple Watch?
Yep, I only need to free a hand to swipe.
Ever, ever note, ever note, boop. Here we go, let's talk about Jurassic World.
Or if you prefer, let's talk about the Apple Watch. Oh, grandpa. No one calls him I anymore.
Black people aren't I people. They sure aren't Dan. They're just Apple people.
Remember when, we've talked about this 8,000 times, my grandparents think that your grandparents probably too think that black people are supposed to be called colored people, that that is polite.
You all roll your eyes at that. I roll my eyes at that. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, however.
Bit of a pickle. Stationary already ordered.
It's just one of those funny things that happens to a species.
Did you hear about that lady from Tacoma?
Well, I almost didn't. Everybody, yes. The leader of the Spokane Washington chapter of the NAACP was outed by her parents as being a tan white lady.
After, I don't know how many years. Do we know how many years she successfully, 10?
There's always weird, weird conversations that are happening, which are totally awesome and healthy, especially in the midst of, for instance, you know, the transgender movement, which has everything to do with what you are born as does not define you.
Absolutely not. And then there's an equally, like, totally valid, like, clearly obvious observation that, like, if you were born as a blunt blue-eyed lady, you do not have the right to go to a tanning booth,
frizz your hair, and then become the say that you're getting hate mail because you're so black.
This is all good, in my opinion. This is all fantastic.
I mean, I'm sure other people have the right to be offended or care way more than I do. As far as I'm concerned, seems like fun.
Oh, man.
Why not?
Everything's fun to us, yeah. That's called privilege. I think that's what they mean when they say check your privilege.
As long as we don't, like, get involved, we're fine. That's the new political correctness. We just get to say, fuck it.
Like, that's us being the most open-minded we can be. What are you doing?
Jane is here. Earthshine Jane.
All right.
What's your last name, George? You want your last name out there?
Just Jane. Earthshine Jane is your Twitter handle, correct?
Aside from the fact that Jane has been the purveyor and distributor for us of fine absence and awesome booze, did you make this glass bottle, too?
I did not. I have a friend who's a master glass blower now.
I designed it, but he made it.
This is really good. This is fantastic.
And so I have a bottle of...
I mean, sadly, I have the dregs of a bottle of...
The rest of it's in the decanter.
Oh, it's in here. You've broken it in half. I love it. Jane, can I do a commercial for Jane's absence?
I took this absence of malice to a party, and I actually had about that much.
I had about, like, maybe a little bit more than that.
Brought it to a party where I was dressed as David Bowie, because it was a glam party.
And you had a David Bowie party.
I just had one laying around. And I took this to the party, and everybody there wanted to know how to get more of it.
This stuff is really groovy, and it gets you high.
Why don't we find out how... Jane, do you want to come up and talk or... No.
It's cool. No.
There was hesitation there.
Oh, okay. All right. No. Okay. Cool.
Fine. Good. Oh, great.
We'll talk later on.
That's great. That's the first time I might get in trouble.
I'll be getting a whole stick of, like, don't come up if you don't want to come up, actually, finally, like...
Because I'm always saying it as the prayer.
By the way, if you don't want to be exploited...
Well, also, there might be some sort of agencies that might care about that.
No, there's all kinds of shit. Well, it was just ironically why...
Which is why there's a story to tell and why I want to talk to you eventually.
But, like I said, like, tweet me when the adventure is over.
Also, while we're thanking people for gifts, this was sent to me...
Apparently, it's been here for a month or two.
Tweet me when the adventure is over.
That's the title of my book.
That's my wake me for the weekend.
I got this little gift backstage, Dan.
It's from a person by the hilarious name of Susan Shipper.
And I was shipped to me first-class U.S. postal.
And I opened it up and it's a Scottish ski-and-do, which is what you put in your sock if you weren't killed.
Did you mention it was through a rat?
I did not mention that.
As it came out of the envelope?
It's a different message.
It's a weapon. It's a knife that you keep in your sock if you weren't killed.
But then I was like, why would somebody give me that?
And I looked at it. There's a little emerald on the side here.
It's an emerald dagger.
I love it.
Is that from a Scottish fan? Is the address in Scotland?
Susan Shipper doesn't sound terribly Scottish, but I love it.
What is the address? Is there a return address?
Don't say it out loud.
Well, the wholesale cutlery store in Arlington, Texas.
All right. This watch is short.
One of the shortcomings has to do with the settings I programmed into it.
It vibrates my wrist every time someone tweets at me.
Every time somebody you know tweets you?
Or anytime anybody tweets you?
You know, you set it up however you want.
I made a mistake.
I also immediately got all these games on my watch,
so at any given moment it'll buzz and I'll go like,
oh, that could be, someone needs a kidney.
No, Spymaster needs to know if he should face down these dogs.
Yes or no.
Do it.
There's like these games for the watch that are so dumb
that they're basically just like some guy, like a fictional guy,
buzzes your watch every six hours to let you know he needs more training.
Can you Minecraft?
No, you can't Minecraft. Everyone stop making fun of me.
Which brings me to a new thing.
I don't even mean that because I don't take it personally
because that's one of the four agreements.
By Don Miguel Ruiz, which my wife Erin McGathy turned me on to.
The four agreements, Jeff.
The audiobook takes less time to listen to than this podcast,
which I have not done yet, but I got into the first agreement.
But the four agreements are, god damn this fucking watch.
Spymaster, are you getting a watch?
Oh, now there's another fucking tweet.
Now people, of course, are tweeting me.
You guys are great.
It's like the Simpsons where they're all shocking each other.
I get it. You're amazing.
That's hilarious.
I'm not going to judge you for it.
I'm just going to say it doesn't take talent to do what you're doing.
It's just digital equivalent of throwing a tomato.
It doesn't take any talent.
You're creating a culture of fear, which is what I've learned from this book.
Anyway, so the first agreement is don't train raptors.
No, I'm getting my notes mixed up.
The first of the four agreements is,
and this is the four agreements by Miguel Ruiz.
The audio book is $10, which is what you paid to get in here.
It is two hours long, so if you listen...
What are the agreements?
The agreements are.
First, can I explain what he means by agreement?
Yes, please do.
He starts with the cosmology.
Everything that we're experiencing right now is a dream.
That's not new.
There's a famous song about rowing boats.
I'm not kidding, I was thinking about that on the way here.
I'm like, God damn, they hide the secret in a fucking plain sight.
It's on the back of a cereal box.
Life is but a fucking dream, motherfucker!
Then we watched The Matrix and we're like, holy shit!
Yeah, row, row your boat!
I wanted to say the n-word so bad.
Row, row your boat!
We are all dreaming right now.
If life were but a dream, why not say the n-word after that?
Because I don't want to pollute that dream for other people,
because we're in a shared dream also.
Is that one of the agreements?
Don't drop an n-bomb and someone else's dream.
No, the first agreement is be impeccable with your word,
and so we'll get to that.
There's some work on that one.
I'll probably die getting that one right.
But the idea, the cosmology is, we are all made of light.
The light between stars.
Easy to laugh at, young man.
He's not laughing at that concept.
He's laughing at you fishing your way through this.
You don't know him.
Trevor?
He's laughing at the wrong shit.
I've met him.
He's three minutes from his next DUI.
But his dad's a senator, and I'm not bringing him up.
We're all light.
What is that?
What's the implication of that?
Why is that important?
It's a model of light.
What do you mean why is that important?
Well, is that a necessary principle for the rest of the agreements?
I think so.
Okay, sorry.
But you could probably do away with it after, I think,
because it never really comes back to it.
By the way, don't forget we're all light.
That's what I'm asking.
I'm just taking you through the guy's whole cosmology.
Thank you.
Do you guys like the format where we bring Spencer up before me?
I thought that was a good choice.
Thank you, thank you.
Why are we saving him for dessert?
I couldn't be more nervous.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sure it really puts a lot more responsibility.
We have no idea.
If Spencer is dessert,
Spencer's like the dessert cart laying off the side of the table
while you're eating dinner.
You're eyeing that cake the whole time.
You get to look at that delicious cake over there.
Spencer, you're like a sexy cannoli sitting over there.
That sounds good.
There are some people who are here for the first time
and they're wondering, why am I watching this?
I'll tell you, it's for my book reviews.
What are the goddamn agreements?
The cosmology is we're made of light.
Life is a dream.
We're all dreaming right now.
You dream when you go to sleep,
and yeah, your dog also dreams and he's like,
you know, we're dreaming when we're awake too
because this is all an illusion.
Obviously, the difference between this dream
and the one you have when you're asleep
is simply the fact that this one's consistent,
which makes you think it's more real
because it will be here tomorrow,
but it also means it was here before you were born.
It's as artificial a reality
as the ones that you have when you go to sleep at night.
Life is a dream.
We all share it, and that doesn't mean bad.
It doesn't mean less real than important.
Just to put yourself in that space
where you think of reality,
everything that we're living right now as a dream
kind of immediately sort of relaxes you
and all the great myths that we've ever heard
drive into that all of those sacred texts
insinuate that, including the Matrix.
End Inception.
You love it.
You do. This guy loves Inception.
Wait, oh my god, the writer of Inceptions here.
I glanced at you and I was like,
oh shit, I bet you wrote Inception.
Would you stand up and prove...
Doesn't he look like you wrote Inception?
He wrote Inception.
Possibly. Or is it a dream?
I think he also wrote for whom the bell tolls.
I don't know if that was...
There's a joke about the power you emanate.
It's all a dream.
We are indoctrinated in the dream by way of agreements.
So for the moment you're born, you're making agreements.
Your attention's getting hooked by your parents
for good reason. They're telling you,
this is how you live in this dream.
This is what the alphabet is. You call that a door.
You call that a door mat. You call that an elephant.
You call that an apple.
You have to...
The idea is that human beings are capable
of experiencing a thousand things at once.
And of living
as if we are living in a dream
of constant contradiction
and never being certain about anything.
Our brains are designed for that chaos.
But we won. We took over the Earth
and we have created a dream
of very, very focused, very artificial things.
And the only
problem with it is that reality
is obscured
by the smoke that we create between all of us.
We're never actually...
He says,
granted, I listened to this for a half hour
and I turned it off.
We're made of light.
All matter
is mirrors.
It's reflecting the light.
So every time you're looking at anything with your eyes,
you're actually seeing something
that is simply reflective of something else.
You're not actually
experiencing anything by looking at something.
So
we are all reflecting each other
and the truth
is right in front of us
but we have all been indoctrinated into a dream
through these agreements
that we make with society
that teach you to sort of basically
operate on fear.
You're a good boy if you do this, you're a bad boy if you do that.
You're a really bad boy
if you think that you're a girl.
Ooh.
There's
all these rules.
You guys know I was being ironic when I said that.
It's fucking generation.
These
This is the flawed
society I'm representing.
God damn it, I hate these fucking kids.
They trick you into
explaining everything.
They're just light.
You're light.
It's all a dream.
We're going to wake up when we die.
It has nothing to do with afterlife or anything.
It's just to say that
if you're in afterlife,
the hell that we describe
in Christian mythology,
isn't it now
is what the author says.
This world of fear
and hate and where anybody can do anything
where your neighbor might break in your door
and eat you or he might
reward you if you're a good enough boy
or a bad enough boy.
It's all driven by fear
and prejudice and judgment
and just constant pursuit
of pleasing other people
and hooking other people's attention
and having your attention be hooked by them
when really what we are designed to do
is just float and do all this stuff.
The idea of the four agreements
is to wipe away all the agreements
that you have made to get this far
and wipe them all away and replace them
with these four primary agreements.
Number one.
Always.
If you are
number one,
the first three
are traffic oriented.
Number one,
if you're parking uphill, always turn your wheels
to face the curb.
Dan, does one of these
agreements have something to do with little shit?
Whether or not to sweat it?
The first rule is, yeah, don't sweat the little shit.
The second agreement is
it's all little shit.
The first agreement is...
let's talk about the four agreements.
Yay.
I hope that's not in there.
All right.
Let me just scroll through my watch,
which I'm very happy I bought.
Be impeccable with your word.
All right, I'm working on that.
I like that one.
Fuck you.
Dan, that's not very impeccable.
Lodge, do you want me to read the copy?
It's short.
These glasses, by the way,
only work for far away.
Why not get my...
My life is a dream.
It's insane. It's an insane dream
where I'm now wearing props to make people like me.
It's right, I have 20-20 vision,
and I can...
I'm wearing these because people like me more in them.
Now we don't.
We can't do it.
Now that we know it's all lies.
Tch.
Be impeccable with your word.
Rule number one.
Say only what you mean.
Avoid using the word to speak against yourself
or to gossip about others.
Jeff.
Use the power of your word
in the direction of truth and love,
Adam Goldberg.
You're doing the opposite of being impeccable
every time you inject...
Rule number two.
Don't call out people who are telling you
you're not allowed to.
You know, there's five agreements.
One A.
You can't, you're not allowed.
If someone knows the four agreements before you do,
they get to tell you what they are.
So rule number one, don't talk shit.
Yeah, don't talk shit.
That's tough. That's hard.
Rule number two.
Don't take anything personally.
I think this is the big thing that I have in my life.
I think this is like...
All of my conflict is based on
either I am taking something personally
that people didn't mean to be taken personally,
or I am saying something that someone else is taking personally
that I did not mean for them to take personally.
Nothing others do
is because of you.
What others say and do is a projection
of their own reality, their own dream.
When you are immune to the opinions
and actions of others, you won't be the victim
of needless suffering.
You know, easier said than done.
But I mean, it's really...
I've heard that don't take it personally.
I find myself, I'm like, shit, god damn it.
I keep catching myself, yeah.
If I could rephrase that, don't sweat the little shit.
That's not... God, you're a fucking idiot.
Rule number one.
That's a reflection of me. That's a reflection of me.
Rule number one, you broke rule number two
and number one in the same fucking...
You don't know that? I'm a dream.
I'm a dream, you piece of shit.
Rule number one. I'm a dream.
You're taking it personally.
Everything you're saying is smoke. La, la, la, la, la.
We're doing great. This book is saving our lives.
Rule number three.
Don't make assumptions. Find the courage.
Don't make assumptions.
Pause.
Find the courage to ask questions.
I really like this one because I think this one actually
like, you know, it braids nicely.
This book is very old.
My wife found this book in high school
in her, like, identity seeking phase.
But it's still...
This rule, I think,
really is important
as we enter this sort of
culture of awareness
and progression and calling
each other out for things
that we're doing wrong and stuff.
Because as I've said
a couple of times on this podcast, boy,
could we try to understand
ignorance a little more than we are.
So rule number...
Agreement number three is don't make assumptions.
Find the courage
to ask questions
and to express what you really want.
Communicate with others
as clearly as you can
to avoid misunderstandings, sadness,
and drama.
With just this one agreement,
you can completely transform your life.
I don't know why he says that.
Because it's shitting on the other agreements.
Dan, they're making an assumption there.
Yeah, right.
But I'm asking you a question.
Get your agreements shit together.
Anyways.
On that note, the fourth agreement...
Here's what's funny about this.
I'm going to try to encapsulate this.
Don't fill up on bread.
Agreement number four.
You're always going to
want to fill up on bread.
It's delicious. It's particularly hot
in military and restaurants,
but so is the food that's coming.
They're going to charge you for your meal anyway.
Don't fill up on bread.
That was a weird one to throw there.
But we were...
The reason this whole thing came up
is because we were in Austin with
Derek Waters, the creator of
Drunk History, and Aaron and I
were sitting at a table drinking in this bar.
And then the four agreements came up
because Aaron had encountered them
this book in her life.
I think it's the important one
that performers are constantly dealing with.
You make a show and somebody says,
this episode wasn't as good as this episode.
And what a writer hears is
you're a failure and fuck you.
And then you write an e-mail
and say, do your time magazine, fuck off.
I never did it.
But it's like you're taking it personally.
Anyways, so we were trying...
What are the other three agreements?
We were like, be impeccable with your word.
That's crazy.
Don't make assumptions. That's really good.
And then...
I've got a text real quick there.
But then the fourth one...
It's funny because it's three performers,
creative people, sitting at a table.
And we all looked at the fourth one
when we found out what it was
because we couldn't remember it.
And then when we saw what it was,
it's always do your best.
And all the people at the table went,
fuck that.
And then we all were like,
why did we feel that way?
It's because I think people who act,
direct, stunt coordinate, make chairs.
I don't know.
I think there's a...
I don't know where you draw the line
because I don't want to make assumptions.
And I want to be impeccable with my word.
And whatever the first one was.
But I do think actually somebody
out there needs to hear always do your best.
But I think a lot of the people
probably in this room
and people in the city of Los Angeles,
the fuck do you think I'm doing?
Dumb piece of shit.
More like three agreements, all right?
But then we thought about,
you know what, I think a lot of people out there
actually, someone that worked at Enron,
maybe if they had read that, always do your best.
And they're like, yeah, I'm doing my best.
Yeah, but really, your best?
Yeah, but that just doesn't include
your work or your creativity.
That includes your...
Well, let's see what he meant.
The way you behave to other people.
Always do your best.
Your best is going to...
Yeah, okay.
I got it, guys.
I got your tweets.
I get it. Season four was great now.
It's all hilarious.
It's all coming to my watch.
You've all got my watch.
You all live on my wrist.
Now we lost, Jeff.
Always do your best.
Your best is going to change from moment to moment.
It will be different when you are healthy
as opposed to sick.
That's it?
Okay, see, dumb agreement.
Just do your best, whatever.
I always do. I try.
It always sucks.
But that's judgment on me.
You're not supposed to hate yourself, too.
There's somewhere in there.
I've talked enough.
Let's start meeting some friends,
and I really want to bring up
the stranger that came
into season six of Community and nailed it.
Miss Paget Booster.
No, I read that.
The only two things I remember
hello, boss.
were don't gossip.
Impossible.
But don't take anything personally.
That's the big one.
Because if someone
is angry with you
for whatever you did,
it's more about them than you.
Most people are insecure.
I am. You are.
We all are.
So, whenever anyone says,
who's not insecure?
Who just went, uh...
You lying sack of crap.
Who said you?
No, not you.
He's never insecure. His dad's like an ambassador.
There's a...
Fuck you, Auntie. Don't take it personal.
Fuck you.
But it's true, though.
Don't take anything personally, because whatever...
Anytime anyone's talking,
they're...
About them?
We don't have to worry about anything.
Everyone's worried about their own screw-ups.
We've heard it over and over
and over again. In fact, Spencer actually says
that at the end of the dumb movie we were in.
It's not a dumb movie. You learned it in retail.
Wait, what?
I had to say dumb movie.
You learned it in retail?
Well, you do, or you get bitter.
He's so low to the ground.
Oh, yeah.
Well, you guys have a whole stage.
I'm not complaining. I love it here.
It's the best table.
But, yeah, I know you're
literally elevated off the floor that I am on.
It's true.
He enjoys too much power, as it is.
Best... If I could
dig a hole.
No!
I would put him in it. I would have his head on the floor.
No.
It's a powerful person.
Oh, that's really sweet.
I'm going to remember that.
It makes me feel safe.
Spencer, do you feel powerful?
No.
I feel like I have agency.
I can lift a rock
and go to the beach
and stuff.
I just want to point out
here's some other people that said that.
God and Hitler.
They draw your own conclusions.
And don't take it personally.
But, I mean, those are...
God doesn't feel powerful.
Why would he make a universe if he felt powerful?
Hitler didn't feel powerful.
He would have stayed in art school.
Don't let
humility fool you.
It's the proboscis...
Do you think God and Hitler had humility?
They had
self-loathing.
God was not content
to be nothing.
He became everything.
Who does that?
Wait.
Who behaves that way?
A very, very confident person.
Did God grow up
with a single mother
in the projects
and he decided to be everything?
Wait, what?
No, I'm curious, maybe.
I was not raised with religion.
Well, I know...
Well, I was raised Lutheran
but I'm making up my own
perception of God.
What is Lutheran?
You're saying...
Lutheran is...
No, I'm not...
I'm not trying to be...
That's what the Pope said.
I was raised Lutheran too.
Lutheran, they refer to it as Catholic light.
It looks like Catholic.
You've got stained glass windows and there's dudes wearing robes.
You know how Catholicism is
sit, stand, kneel, stand, kneel, stand,
sit, kneel, genuflect, stand, kneel,
pray, leave?
Lutheran is sit, leave.
Leave.
It's the original Protestantism.
Oh.
It's Martin Luther.
Martin Luther was the first guy to say,
look, religion should be accessible
to the people.
So just sit and leave?
Well, I mean, I...
You do a little call and response and stuff like that.
He said, for instance,
Bibles should not have to be in Latin.
Oh, well, that's fair.
It's a dead language.
There's people who would argue with you,
but yeah, I wouldn't be one of them
because Latin is not Aramaic.
It's the language God was talking.
No one knows Aramaic either.
Bibles should be...
Don't come knocking.
Which I believe was
Deuteronomy 211.
You're saying then that if you believe
in a creationist mythology
that God created the universe from nothing
and created everything, you think that's an act
of self-loathing and low self-esteem on his part?
You did say
Hitler and God had low self-esteem.
If you don't,
they have something in common, which is a...
Oh, Hitler and God
have something in common.
If you can't...
Dan Harmon says...
God is Hitler.
Well, but think about it.
Jesus got crucified for saying
the simple fact of people would go,
oh, are you God?
And he would go, well, technically, yeah.
And they'd be like, that's enough, string them up.
He's like, no, we all are.
It's fine.
We're all outside the box.
It's not going to
get you laid in a Halloween party
to come into a costume
that's like Hitler, but with a halo.
And you're like, what's your point?
Because Hitler was God.
No, that's not a good message to send.
He made a lot of mistakes as a human being.
I'm saying that...
Wait, Hitler or God?
Wait, God or Hitler?
You're the one that's...
No, I'm asking you.
You're equating God with Hitler.
I'm telling you the one thing they had in common.
Maybe they both like fried eggs,
but the one thing that I know that they had in common
is that they weren't happy
with their beginning state.
God wasn't happy.
The creationism...
My God, the God that I believe in.
The birth of all existence, all this light that we are
and the mirrors that we all...
That's the Four Agreements thing.
The whole thing, we are light.
That's garbage.
Just get to the second agreement.
The second agreement.
No, wait, that's not the first agreement,
isn't that we're all light?
You don't have to agree with that.
The Four Agreements are all...
The first one's stupid, we're all light.
No, no, that wasn't the first one.
That wasn't the first one.
Fuck you, no, don't gossip.
That's the first one.
How can you be light and a dream?
How can light dream?
No one is light and a dream.
We're all dirt and we're human
and we're sexual and we're assholes.
That's matter, that's matter.
Matter's a reflection.
Sorry, I hate to interrupt.
No, that's good. You're being...
I'm sorry, you were talking about God and Hitler.
Being the same.
Here he is!
You're being impeccable with your word and saying like...
I've always been sexy dirt, I mean, you know, man.
What?
What? Sorry.
Get a different room.
Stop it.
Get a podcast.
You're being impeccable with your word when you say,
yeah, we're all animals, we're all...
I think so?
Yeah, so that's good.
This guy never said, I just want to make it clear
because I feel like I'm doing a bad commercial for him.
He didn't say the first agreement was buying
into all this light and...
I thought you said there was the first...
No, no, no, I was explaining his cosmology.
His cosmology is that we're all a dream.
Cosmology, I don't know what that word means.
What did you say?
Cosmology is the map of the universe?
Just a map of the universe, a model of the universe philosophically.
I didn't know that.
I appreciate you not judging me for not knowing that word.
I don't judge anything anymore. I have four agreements.
That might be one of them.
I don't make assumptions.
Can we have a little judgment jar that you have to put a dollar in
every time you judge somebody throughout the rest of the show?
That would be good.
I want to keep this bullet train moving
because we have so many people here tonight.
Judgment cup.
Every time you judge somebody
throughout the rest of this podcast
dollar in the judgment cup.
A different Curtis Armstrong is here.
Curtis, welcome.
She's my street buddy.
Oh, okay.
I ran into her on the street.
She was the one who told me that you were worried
that I didn't like you anymore.
Don't take it personally.
No.
When you were in Communicado
and you were having fun with your daughter,
I...
I know.
You just got a little uncertain.
You started thinking too much
which is really selfish and ego maniacal of me.
To translate the things happening in this dream
to mean something about me.
No, but I think all it was, Dan,
was you expressing a very warm, friendly idea
that you want Curtis to like you.
And you had the courage to say that out loud.
I took it that way.
I really did take it that way.
And then Leah, correct?
Leah stopped me in the street
and she said, you have to talk to Dan.
I was outside a ramen place
and she said, you have to talk to Dan
because he's very upset.
And she said that she stood up
during the show
and told you, Dan, no.
He's with his daughter.
And I said, well, I guess he doesn't check his tweets.
Right.
Anyway, that's all behind us now
because you're clear on everything.
Yeah. Have you guys ever worked together?
Yeah.
We worked for three years
on a series, an animated series
called Dan Versus.
And some people have.
Dave Foley.
And it was three of us in a room.
And I never
have laughed so much.
It was really fun.
We just laughed all the time.
And then
the show was great
and it ran and ran
and then the network was cancelled.
Well, it was this weird thing where
you could never get comfortable.
It was exactly what happened.
And I don't even know yet
because it was on The Hub
which was
purchased by Hasbro.
Thank you.
Which then was purchased by
Nickelodeon.
The Germans.
And now we're back to Hitler again.
They kept saying
your contract is over.
Oh, no, wait.
You're now owned by the Germans.
That's exactly what it was.
And Curtis and I had so much fun.
We were like, okay, whatever.
Germans, we're fine.
So we were signing on to a show
that didn't exist anymore.
In first position.
Yeah, it was crazy.
We still don't know. I have not heard
any I don't even know if we have a show.
You could get a call tomorrow.
Dave Versus.
For them though, I would do it.
It was great.
For you, I would do your show
for a second.
Me too.
Oh, yeah.
I would do your show.
He's nuts, but he's good.
Keep going, keep going.
Talk to your friend, Curtis, colleague, actor.
Pretend I'm not here.
And I won't take it personally.
And tell him everything
that you would say.
If you ran into Curtis at an airport
and you go, oh, I guess you just did a season
of Dan Harmon's show. What was that like?
You've been working with Dan Harmon, right?
I heard that.
I am beat red.
Yeah, you are.
Hold on.
Curtis?
You know what, I've heard some weird things
about Dan Harmon.
I know, I know.
It's like 451 to Burbank is now boarding.
It's like 451.
Fasten just sitting in zone one
or now welcome to the board.
Here's the thing, man. I'm not going to lie to you.
The hours are long.
He's a little crazy.
Sometimes the scripts are late.
But here's the problem.
They're so goddamn good
that you will end up agreeing
to have basically
Stockholm syndrome.
You will be like, fuck.
This guy is so fucking good.
I don't know. The whole cast is great.
No, I know. I know what you're thinking.
Look how happy Dan is.
Somebody asked me about being on the show.
Wait, I didn't hear what he said.
Sorry.
What were you talking about this last time?
I don't know. He's jerking off and he's drinking.
I don't know.
But this is conditional love.
Now boarding zone two.
People see it in zone two.
I think I create the deplorable situation
so that you have to say that.
I think there's some unconscious drive behind me
because I don't think
your time that I wasted
or the wardrobe supervisor's time
that I wasted made the show any better.
I think all the things that make the show good
can be done very quickly.
I think I purposely
or not purposely
because I don't think I'm that fucked up
that I do it consciously.
But I do believe that unconsciously
I'm trying to put myself in a situation
where mommy and daddy can say,
God, you're a little piece of shit.
You know, Roe v. Wade
so close to your conception.
So close?
Just a photo finish.
You got it.
You don't think they told me?
What?
Why else would I know?
1973.
Look it up.
Photo finish.
Oh my God.
I don't blame them.
And then they're like,
what if I do this?
And they're like, well, then, okay.
Now you're talented.
I need to drive it to that.
Yeah, no, go ahead.
Curtis, go.
If everyone could do it quickly
then they would.
And you did it
the way you needed to do it
and that's how it works out.
You do it at the speed that you do.
And I would say to him
in an airport or at Gelsons
Curtis, which is where we usually see each other.
Which is where we run into each other.
I would say he's nuts
but it's great.
It's worth it.
You're not a network TV.
Oh yeah.
I've heard that so many times about other people.
Why?
It never works out that way.
People tell me the guy's really
insane
but it's worth it.
Have I ever said to you
this guy's crazy but it's worth it?
Never.
Because I would only say it about him.
I'm just a waiter.
Oh boy.
Could you ask your friend
for examples of people
who haven't been worth it?
Just because I'm a waiter
and I work at an airport
and this is all I have.
Bye.
Dan, most people aren't worth it.
Oh sorry Steve.
You know what I mean.
I do know exactly what you mean.
I've always imagined that that's what working with him was like.
He's crazy but it's so worth it.
He's nuts but it's worth it.
Excuse me, pardon me to interrupt your conversation.
I work for the TSA. Have you been approached by
somebody pretending to be a waiter
at the airport?
Stop that waiter!
Shhh!
Argh!
The humans are suspicious.
He's now on his eye watch
Zone 3 is now boarding!
Flight 2501 to Burbank, zone 3.
Oh he's flying.
Argh!
Mr. President, Mr. President, we've made contact with the alien waders. Curtis, be the President.
Mr. President, as your Chief of Staff, I feel it's time to get you into the bunker. The
alien waders have invaded the Philadelphia airport.
Who's this guy from the White House?
Yeah, I don't have any idea.
I'm your Chief of Staff, sir.
Oooh, it's right. I'm sorry.
Or am I?
Paget.
Err!
Err...
They're both lying right now. They both are alien faces for the podcast listeners at home.
Paget, you're the head of an elite firm that helps people with their public
scandals before they happen but you're having an affair with President Curtis
which is the biggest scandal of all and yet your job is to handle scandals go go
and you both just took a shit wait but I can't and you can both smell it but you
think it's you but you don't know but you both think it's you because there's
it's the year in the Oval Office there's two bathrooms and you both just took a
huge shit and you both think I don't know if that informs is this the moment
after that he found it found out his chief of staff is one of the alien
waiters yeah he had that meeting now it's time for this meeting we're usually
you guys like it's like your personal meeting I feel like the bit is you
over explaining the improv I would not disagree with that which is why I stopped
doing it that's every note I got after every improv show I ever did we just
start a really good improv last night in a room full of eight people who as a
Aaron come out here so you can tell us who that was Erin McGathy
and white she's a great actress a beautiful red head and a sex box thank
you Patrick I was just like obsessively fixing my hair backstage now I think I
have a cocker-spaniel thing I love it no it looks beautiful thanks guys USS
rock n roll is our the group that we saw yeah what are the words names of those
kids Annie and Annie O'Connell Levin O'Connell and yeah Annie O'Connell Levin
O'Connell I love Rick really good long-form improv I got so different from
like like short-form improv is like it's a parlor trick it's like we we learn
skills that we can use I'm saying we because anybody can I'm not saying I'm
good at it I'm just mean like in short-form improv which I was trained in
it's like they go okay here's all these disciplines and here's how you use them
to make a quarter come out of someone's ear and you could like like Jeff is you
know does it like on like national television is that still a thing national
television yeah it's still national but when you're short-form improv is like
it's like vaudeville like it's like be funny immediately so you don't like like
our friend Derek Marys made a good analogy for short-form improv versus
long-form short-form is like if you're on a dirt bike there's a ramp every
couple seconds so you don't ever get that much runway and you don't ever get
that much air long-form is a lot of runway and you build up a lot of speed so
when a joke hits you get to fly for a long time like so the payoff is way
bigger if you can like make a joke land in a long-form situation short-form like
who's line is like joke joke joke joke joke joke you can also be like I mean
another way another way to illustrate the difference is you could show up and
and walk into a room and go oh there's only four other people here and for a
short-form improv show that pretty much that doesn't mean it's gonna be a bad
show it could be the most memorable show of your life but but depending on what
they how they react backstage but it generally means this short-form improv
engine is not gonna get the gas it needs but if you come in and there's four
other people in the room there's a little black box and you're watching like
good disciplines like long-form improv people you I mean they may do a better
show for four people than they could have ever done for 40 people it's like you
walk out it's like church I mean like if you walk into a church and it's empty
you're I don't know it's like so there's more God for you or Hitler whatever you
want to use as your placeholder well I think we we saw it just really quick we
saw it we saw improv at the now theater in Los Angeles if you're interested in
long-form improv the hardcore shit that's Craig Kikowski laughing I improv
guru right yeah Craig Craig is you who's many community fans know as officer
he's also in the thrilling adventure hour 10 years strong hey office Craig
Kikowski come up let's do it long-form improv long-form improv let me show you
what I mean when I say long-form improv here we go I heard plumber and I heard
I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard wrapped all right oh just real
cool we promised Craig backstage we literally would not do this I know
it's my joke that's my joke sometimes my jokes have an audience of part of this
page do you want to suggest you know anything I got her plumber and wrap
that's all I heard you heard plumber and wrap well I mean I thought I did okay
all right oh that must be that wrapping plumber I ordered you use some music
well my job is to unplug your toilet but I don't want you today because I want
to help you differently my name is Kevin okay Kevin with the toilets pretty
clogged no it's not well well well well well my name is wrapping plumber and
I'm here to stay like to unplug your toilet in a different way I'm the star
of the show and I rap all the time and improv is great because I like to rhyme
my name is rapidly rapidly rapidly rapidly wrapped
do I give you the group on now no okay hi honey honey I heard I heard that Kevin's
here no I'm not I was a ghost the whole time I was just haunting the scene I'm
from Hitler and God's world you know what I mean I'm gonna moonwalk downstage
for you I'm an improv master this is what I do break it down to improv improv
improv improv I know I know we're only supposed to call the number if we feel
threatened no they're not what time is it it's uh no it's not I didn't even tell
you what time it no you didn't two hours earlier before Kevin the wrapping
plumber showed up at the house this better be good
well goddamn and I've been plumbing this thing and it's just nuts I know honey
and you're so good at plumbing this thing you are and I'm so sorry for
making this mess and I know that the only plumber in town is schizophrenia why
did we move to this tiny town
well we were down in Omaha in 73 didn't know what we would do to Lee lived in a
tree we had only four dollars to our name so we decided to get and the Omaha
game still Omaha is a fairly large city four years earlier in Omaha as the mayor
of hello I'm sorry as the mayor of New York I clearly got on the wrong flight
I mean what one of these four years later back in the house four years later
back in the house when the mayor of New York was on our flight to Omaha that was
a weird day there was so much security the test came back it's you not me I can
have children and you can't look I I make so much money as an insurance
executive here in Omaha I know and that's why I'm with you also you're
good when we state our subtext well I better leave because you need to take
a big shit you know I know this sounds weird but I appreciate that you know
when I need to take big shots I can just read it on your face and you're
impeccable with your word all right long-form mother fucker thank you
Kasky thank you Kasky thank you brother hey Craig probably doesn't need to plug
anything does he you guys can come back now the theatrical portion you know
pageant and Curtis fled over here for safety actors they're like fucking give
him space yeah the improv is over you're good oh hello officer mr. pickles let
me ask you a question Dan you know improv is yeah what no it's rapping and
saying no what did you guys learn Jeff Jeff oh I'm sorry were you looking at
your watch no I was writing things down okay um improv is yes and not no ideally
yeah okay just you know that was my bit your improv is no and then rapping and
standing literally right it was funny it should just be a yes and wrap
well rap was stellar thank you right it's all anyone will remember anyway yeah
you're right you're it my favorite my favorite 30 rock joke I love 30 rock
but the the best joke they will my favorite one they alluded to the fact
that Liz Lemon and I can't now I can't even remember her friend's name that that
is the host of the original show but whatever Jen what yeah they allude to
the fact that they met doing improv workshops I've told this a thousand
times it's just my favorite thing they just flashback to Tina Fey they're
just sitting in an all-black and they're sitting in these two chairs and there's
a little black box and they go okay the suggestions are a sling blade and Oprah
Winfrey and Liz Lemon goes it's kind of centers herself and then goes sure like
those french-fried potatoes Jenna goes no you don't Oprah and then it just goes
back all of the all of the sitcom like whip-pan flashbacks that we've had to
suffer that was the that was made it all worth it it was so funny
okay Craig has been my teacher coach a billion times over I'm sorry I turn that
phone right now it's time to say this it's the that beeping turn it off sorry
about the subtext thing and I'm starting to go I'm sorry about going to the
infertility place done it before don't take it don't take a person don't take a
person not yeah god damn it that's true that's that's the most important thing
and I screwed Aaron my favorite thing of that was it was going to the infertility
place a hack premise because I wanted to see it is very old Erin McGathy oh it's
9-11 I know it's just something we do this all the time it's really disturbing the first time it happens I'm asking about Jeff Davis wanting kids oh you
mean the real 9-11 pageant aren't you married right now yeah now you sexy dirt
you shut up shut up I'm gonna get in so much trouble it was a long time ago it
was a long time ago we were both young very young but it was great too wait what
was like a long time ago we did it for like 45 minutes a long time well no I'm
playing it was longer than 45 minutes all right fine they dated I was not the
one that brought it up you guys brought it up they dated alright every time I work
with you I find out this is really true the last time I worked with her there
was another person involved in what we were doing and it was this it was like
oh you know like the eyes getting all remember you dated a lot I still have
two of your wigs by the way at my house which I wear quite frequently I got the
red wig or the short red wig oh my god my landlord son wanted that wig and I
couldn't find it I have the weirdest boner
not my joke it's Donald Glover's wait okay all right so I'm sorry wait
Patrick just said her landlord son went at that where what are you well back at
not now I mean I own a home now she sophisticated now but there was a day
when now my I lost a couple of wigs to Jeff Davis back in the day and that's
fine listen every woman loses a couple of ways to Jeff that's fine
pageant you weren't the first and you want me the last I know do you have
pageant do you have a do you have an STD I'm changing no no I feel the same way
it's a fucking miracle amazing because you got around to I'm a condom I'm
safe yes we both use condoms we together and with other people but actually
truth be told I used to put your wigs on my dick and fuck you with a wig that I
don't remember all of Harmontown has led up to this point this is the most
important moment well I was gonna ask you just because I didn't want to be
remiss and having you on stage like we've farted around and had fun but you're
a performer that has been funny for a very long time and probably is admired
by a lot of people when they watch you on screen and stuff it was just so I'm
not remiss as an interviewer I don't want to do my job wrong like is there a
philosophy that you follow because your ability to as I wrote be the person that
dropped in and nailed it you know you wrote that I wrote that as a Valentine
I wrote everything you said motherfucker no I know but the fact that you wrote
for me to say in the last episode as someone who came in late and nailed it
and I was so scared to say it because I didn't know at that point if I had like
to me I didn't know but no I just did to you what Aaron does to me all the time I'm so sorry what you just do it no I like I you you
never mind can we put a pin in that no I was put a pin in that oh my god this
has become something else no no like like well is there anything like when
you're when you before you step in front of eight fucking giant cameras 5,000
lights 200 people dangling from rafters you know like is there like different
actors say different things about how are they able to do comedy or drama or
anything in that in that totally artificial environment because all we see
on the screen is it like it's because of the courtesy of these craftsmen who make
things look like a living room and look like a courtroom in Mississippi in 1950
like all we see is reality and then these amazing actors and we don't realize
that it's like Jesus Christ the environment is so unnatural and you get
like particularly comedic actors are able to exude all of this like weird
human energy is there anything that you do do you kneel in front of a mirror in
your trailer do you remind yourself that you have a mantra are you crazy you this
is I'm gonna say this is Dan being a really generous thoughtful man
podcaster interviewer he doesn't have to ask this no I want the only thing I
care about because I don't in working no you shouldn't wait I don't have that
question is like oh what do you have to promote you're an actor like a lot of
them out there want to do what you do yeah but they don't they they want to
like be home with their families and and like maybe take a totally misunderstood
our audience wait no I'm saying no no you're being very giving and loving and
supportive and thoughtful and saying oh what do you have to do for this character
I don't I just show up but I say the lines and I do the best I can and you
write great lines and that's why I was there when you're in front of the no
when you're in front of the camera what what you know okay when I was younger I
thought how does my hair look am I hiding the size of my nose do I have all
my wigs or is that guy I was dating did he take them you gave you gave them to me
I asked you for them and you gave them to me of course I gave them to you you were
a great boyfriend okay pageant pretend you're in an airport with Curtis
actually I think Curtis and I will be performing our long-form farting
president and presidential aid improv at Gelton's in Silver Lake sometime over
the next two months yeah but you we're not announcing the time you just have
to look into being it's like a rave they'll let you know because we don't
wait yeah Skrillex will tell you you have to be at Skrillex's Instagram you
just have to be there at the right Curtis do you have a do you have a
ritual do you have a technique do you have a mantra do you have a do you have
a threshold you have to cross before you step in front of cameras I don't I was
thinking about this recently did I tell you about finding my my booger
biography you did yes you said that was what I used to I actually found in a
notebook the because I was trained as an actor and that what you do as an actor
is in order to understand your character you write a biography of it and no one
will ever know what you've written but you'll know and that's why you do that
and I found my biography that I wrote in 1983 for Booger revenge of the nerd for
revenge of the revenge of the nerd that was what I used to do I don't do it
anymore because no one ever gives me roles where I where they actually start
in a place and end in a place those don't really happen that well my friend
that's about to change how was I yeah I just I just yeah I just I liked it
I don't know what it was but blue balls I thought you're about to go into some
nice long-form improv for us oh no oh like I could give him a role tonight on
this stage that look like that's what you would write a biography well okay no
no I don't do that anymore I did that I did that in the alright let's do it okay
so you I'm your let's I'm your dad okay you know not an improv guy so if you're
really expecting improv but no no no but we want it so this is just gonna be like
like it you've already done more than enough in like shadow run to know you
get this is that's the level of improv you just I mean don't worry you're
playing with somebody who's going to disagree with everything you say no no
I'm not gonna do that what is going on with you too can I be your counselor can
I be your counselor can I ask that when you do X about the thing that she does
it was just a topic it was just it was derailed let's do this I it's just it
would I'm your dad and oh my god you're you're at the breakfast table yeah and I
just found a joint under your mattress in your bedroom hey dad morning good
morning did you care to explain this I I I I don't know what that is but you
should it's under your mattress oh it must have it must have it must have come
with the mattress it's not mine I gotta get to school you got the day off mr.
because you're gonna talk to me because you could go to school every day for the
rest of your life and if you keep making choices like that it's not gonna
matter I went to Vietnam for you not for my country I fucking hate America I went
to Vietnam for you to add how old do you think I am I think you're 17 I'm 32 it's
2015 2015 oh it's now I went to Vietnam for you to get that mattress it's
ostrich skin it's expensive I'm sorry dad I'm experimenting I'm reaching out I'm
trying new things the fucking mattress doesn't care about your coming of age
I could have gone to Sears if I knew you were gonna put shit that's on fire under
it well dad you were in nom did you never take drugs in nom of course I did
why didn't put it on my fucking mattress me it's an expensive mattress it's
ostrich skin dad I don't smoke the mattress I just put the joints there see
that you don't smoke the mattress this thing has brown on the end of it that
means that when you put it under there it could have been read okay you know
have you ever heard these stories yes embers to burn for a month you could
burst into flame I'm sorry be careful I really I'm really glad that we had this
talk though because you don't talk to me that much and let's talk now dad what
are you what are you doing pouring a bowl of grape nuts oh okay it's called
space work um hello dad that was milk hello dad it's milk for your grape
nuts milk I just gave you the milk for your grape nuts son milk milk is calling
me take it um yeah milk I just sitting here with my son everything's fine look
at your watch look at your watch look at your it doesn't mean anything milk milk
why would you say something like that I've trusted you forever it's your watch
watch watch watch my watch and my milk are talking to me son your son is
important your son is important dad are you okay my son is important
Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam your son is important your son is
important my son is important my son is important my son is important my son is
important. County line, 3,000 miles. My son is important. Three days later, my son is
important. I need a doorbell. My son is important. Is this Don's doorbells? Is your
doorbell a real doorbell? I thought it was, I assumed, I'm sorry. Yes, it's a real doorbell.
You just walked into my house. Oh, I thought it was Don's doorbells and that I assumed that the
doorbell on the outside was just a, I'm sorry. Don's doorbells was run by my son downstairs. Sorry,
what? You just close the door and then try to talk to me. Your son is important. Your son is
important. Thank you. Don's doorbells is downstairs. Thank you. You get the idea. Mike Myers must
have been so young. Jeff, are we still in the improv? Should I run Don's doorbells? Yes,
yeah. Don, it's me. Don's doorbells here. I'm slightly Scottish, slightly Irish. What's
happening? I love doorbells and you are? I am my son's father. My son is important. Don is
important. Do you need me to call 911? Yes, and one. We got it, we got it. That's a fucking
extra one. I almost blew it. But then I added the extra one. Did Curtis' character really go
from point A to point B? Did we really see that develop? Or is that just another one of those
one note? This is what I mean. I thought I was going somewhere I didn't really go. You know what
I did wrong, I endowed Curtis with a low status character. Curtis, I am. No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no. I love the love of God. Can I overrule this, Dan? I say if we're going to do
any more Curtis character development, we save it for Shadow Run, everybody. Shadow Run. Okay,
so we got Nightblade. We got, we should bring Demorge up here. DeMorge Brown on the stage,
please, DeMorge Brown. A cavalcade of stars tonight at Armageddon. Oh yeah. Demorge, why don't
you sit here. Sit here and take this mic. But I could stand. I will say Spencer is still sitting
lower than the sea level. That's true. I was thinking, you know, they also have taller chairs.
It's a real confluence of factors here. We're having too much fun. Thank you. Thank you. You
want a taller chair. I'm fine. We probably have to get Padgett up to speed and what the hell we're
doing here, right? Padgett, are you familiar with? Should I get out? No, no, you're staying with us
for certain. We'd like you to help us play a game. It's like a role-playing game. Oh, it's
called Dungeons and Dragons. It is. It's called Shadow Run. Oh, this? I don't know. It's like,
think of it kind of like the Matrix, the future. We're kind of like mercenaries, like Badasses
for hire. And what role will Padgett be playing? Well, see, that's the deal. I mean, we've got a
whole group of people here. Oh, do you have a chair coming in? Yeah, I don't have a character
sheet for Hacker. That's the problem. Because he's a plot device. No, I'll do it. No, no,
I think she should do, she should do Dr. Friend. No, no, you're Dr. Friend. All right, I'll do
Dr. Friend. Well, wait, let's hear him out. Let's hear him out. Well, I was just thinking that maybe
Dr. Friend, maybe what has happened is Dr. Friend has gone into sort of a time warp time thing and
has has changed and is now is now being played temporarily by Padgett. I don't know what's
happening. We don't actually have too many people, do we? We do have too many people. We have too
many people. I'm telling you, Jim Nightbill. Trust me. Who would I lie? Why would I lie to you? Oh
my God, I love you are I am willing to stand by the softest arm and cheer everyone on. Spencer,
is it possible to have without anybody else being a Hawkeye? Maybe. What's a Hawkeye? Hawkeye is a
character that you don't want to be a Hawkeye. Spencer. Could she be some sort of NPC and come
and join? Can I be an NPC? Well, yeah, I mean, there's all sorts of things that we could do
successfully. I mean, I'm telling you now, it's just I don't have a character sheet for an extra
character. So if you don't need a sheet, I'll walk away. We all have those days where we feel
different than we do the day before. I call those, I guess that's every day. But maybe would it be
okay if Padgett was like my memories or Jeff just made an interesting pitch that it would take
Spencer's yes to go with this. That what we do is take our shirts off. No, I'm not. We give everybody
two eggs. We do a very special episode where we do a flashback and find out about Dr. Friend's
origins. But it would have to be like, I mean, Spencer would be off the grid, off the map. Oh,
yeah, it would be a real improv show. Which I mean, you guys are the masters of that thing. I
think if I, you know, Spencer, your job would be maybe to just define whatever needs to be defined
in the spatial. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and change scenes. I'm just, yeah, you guys got to do some
lifting though. And I just leave and go to the bathroom. No, no, my mom, Padgett, Padgett, we
need you for this. You're an actor and we need you. No, you need someone to leave. I will be that
person. No, no, what is happening? We're going on a magic carpet ride right now and you're on board
for this. We've done that before. I'm just asking for this to be happening. Spencer, I'm sorry you
had to see this. You're fine. Don't worry about it. Please tell me that's how Jeff initiates sex.
You want to go on a magic carpet ride? Dan, why don't you code DM and you at least you said Dan,
go over it with Spencer and you guys together come up with the you do the intro for wherever we are
and this is going to be bad. Oh, he did it. Jesus. Let me tell you that chairs the wrong height.
Nobody gets a chair, a folding IKEA chair over an audience like Dan Harmon. He's crazy, but he's
great. Well, Padgett, this is your wheelhouse because you're also on an amazing show called
Thrilling Adventure Hour. Were you? We're not using character sheets. We're freestelling us. This is
the origin story of Padgett Curtis's character as Dr. Friend. He is a, would you want to describe
your character to her briefly? To the extent that I understand it. Thank you. Dr. Friend and I
don't really. Dr. Friend is a part of the gang. He is a medical man, but he's a medical man who is
disturbed and he has a past. Okay. But no one really knows what that is. Okay. And among the
things that he's done in the course of this is he has powers that he can use on people like, no,
no, wait a minute. I'll tell you. Oh my God. If there's files, I want a file. He does things like
he can do healing powers. Healing. So in the course of one of our adventures, if we get hurt,
if somebody gets hurt and is dying, you have a healing power. Yeah. Right. And that everybody
has powers of some kind. Okay. Yeah, it's kind of like a magical world, Padgett, but it's also the
future. So it's tech, it's technological, but there's also spells and magic. So it's like the
future and a lot of criminal activity. And also, and also it's Seattle. I have no file. So I have
no power tonight is just focused on the mysterious past. Now this is this is backstory. So none of
us are going to be playing. No one is going to be. You're an even playing field with the rest of
us. Only only Curtis knows what is. Sorry, I'm very competitive. And I want powers and a file.
I'm sorry. You're allowed to be whoever all your roles will become apparent. It's a special one
off episode. We're exploring the origins of a character. So Spencer, what year is it when
we're normally playing shadow run? 2074. Okay. And how old how old do we think Dr. Friend is? Oh,
he's a good 27. What's 27 and four minus 27. Yep. What somebody say 3646 2046. Our story begins
in 2046 AD at Baltimore General Hospital. Ivy overruns the decrepit building, which has not
been the same since the fall of the hospital. And the healthcare program. Still patients are
served here. But they're never happy to be served. They only have to be. We move through the front
doors of the hospital and down the decrepit halls and start to pick up the whales of a woman giving
birth. We enter the delivery room. Certainly not the most sterile one we've ever seen. That's
right. Keep going. Keep going. Breathe. Push. Push. I'm afraid, Mark. Why? I've never done this
before you asshole. Why am I afraid? It's all right. We're in the hospital. People are looking
after us. Nothing can go wrong. Come on. Look, do you have you heard from my sister? No, no,
I've tried to reach her, but there's no answer on her on her chip phone. She's she's always so
wild. Always trying to find a good time. Always giving wigs to men. She's having casual sexual
relationships with. Just if you hear from Anastasia, just tell her to get here now. She's
I'll try her again. It's all I can do. Dr. Gerber. Dr. Gerber. Anastasia in room one. Anastasia's
here. Keep pushing. Dr. Gerber. Dr. Gerber. There was a Curtis. This is this is this is when you were born. This is 27 years old. Yeah. Sorry. Sorry. This is totally
misunderstood. 27 years earlier. I'm in there. 27 years. I don't have to worry. Did I blow it? Okay. No, no, no. You were
right. I was wrong. What? I thought I was still Dr. Friend. And in fact, I'm still someone who knows the
pregnant woman giving birth. No, no, I'm the baby. I'm in there. What? I'm in there. He's in here. I need a man to play
your dad. So now Dr. Gerber. Dr. Gerber. I am. Oh my God. Get my office. I want you in my office right now. Dr.
Gerber. What's wrong? What have I done? Dr. Gerber. What have you done? What haven't you done? Don't you realize that you're
the brother of the person who is the father of the child you're delivering right now? Oh, that's good. It's Anastasia. I'm a
drug intern. Anastasia. I don't get it. I thought you knocked me up. I got a baby that's gonna be the brother of that
baby. I don't care whose baby it is. All I know is it's gonna look a lot like that doctor right there. No, no, listen to
me. Anastasia. Dr. Gerber. Anastasia. What happened to us was a long time ago. That's in the history. No, I was like
nine months ago. Okay. Calling Dr. Craig Kikowski. We need help in long form
improv. Calling Dr. Craig Kikowski. Our long form improv is in critical condition. Critical condition. Dr.
Kikowski. Paging Dr. Kikowski. Dr. Kikowski. Yes, I was playing golf. What can I do? Well, we've got a patient
here in crisis. And I thought I knew what I was doing. Patient in crisis. You guys, you guys, I'm an orderly. You'll
never see me again. I'm interrupting this very focused scene about the origin of a character to let you know that at
this point in future sci fi history, some big shit is happening forest gump style on the tele viewer. Look. They all
look to the TV to see a news report about something. Dr. Kikowski. Well, it seems that Vitas is back again. It's
waving the nation faster than ever before. We got babies turned left ways, babies turned down ways and adults
turned back ways. It's an ugly world. You got to not touch anybody. Don't even bother washing your hands. Cut off
your hands. Wash the stumps. We're talking Vitas. It's back, baby. I'm out of here. Have you guys made sure that
your baby is please don't be offended by this, but human. God, please. Look, someone, someone take this metal card
with a number sketch in it. Officer Gerber, your brother's number is listed there. If you could get in touch. You know
what? I'll have a look at that number. If I could. Obama? Look, no one, no one, no one trusts you since the
pickle scandal of 2014. Well, I believe pickle scandal was a little later. Yes, it was. That's fine. We've got a
quality. Here we go. Strangely enough, we've got emergency breach birth. Oh, good God, it's hideous. Come out. We
don't know what it is. It's an orderly that was just hanging out beneath it. God damn it. I'm a long form improv
doctor and not an OBGYN. I also don't know if you can save this six years later at the friend household. It's a
shame. What's a shame, mom? That long form improv. It's a shame. They tried. I've heard you talk about that
sometimes, but you never really explain. Because I don't want to talk about all of it, son. Well, even a little bit.
Baby, I think he's old enough. He is old enough to hear the story of how Obama came to the hospital. And you slit
the throat of a ghost orderly. He is old enough. That has been distilled. Grandson. Into a sentence. Grandson, it's your
grandfather. Would you come out on the porch with me a moment? I just want to have a talk with you. Well, sure. Sure,
Graham. By the way, in the background, cars are flying. That's never going to goddamn happen. Grandson, I won't be around a whole much
longer. Oh, these damned flying cars. When I was a boy, there was no, we had pickles until that horrible scandal came along.
And I want to tell you this before I pass along, son. Okay. I want you to follow in my footsteps and be a doctor. However, you
do understand that you're not like other people, boy. What do you mean? Have you ever noticed anything weird happen to you at
night when you're laying in bed all alone? Yeah, five months earlier. Come on. Come on. Rudy. Your boy. Your boy. There's
nothing there. There's nothing. Oh, no, there. No, there is. There's injured injured injured. Honey, it's time to go to bed.
Oh, no. But it's look at Rudy. There's something wrong. He got his leg caught in a trap. Rudy's an old dog. No, he's young young young.
I can heal him. You. You have the power to heal. You have the power to heal. He'll heal heal. Honey, go to
bed. Everything's fine. Rudy's fine. No, I healed him. Grandson back to the present. So Grandson, remember that time you
healed the dog with your mind? Yes. I do remember it. But I thought it was all a dream. It wasn't a dream. And we're not all
light. That's horseshit. We're real people. We're here right now. I want to make one agreement with you, son. Okay. Grandson, that
is. You were you were contaminated at birth by V talks and you're you're going to suffer some very special skills and some
very special special detriments inside Papi's chest. His heart beats heavier and heavier. Oh, I'm dying. Don't heal me,
boy. Don't heal me. Let it let let it happen naturally. Boom, boom. Let it I don't know. Do I see that look in your eyes,
Grandson? I see that look. Oh, cut to a doctor explains V talks completely lethal. It'll kill you in 100% of
situations. And less maybe some crazy shit is in your genes like you have troll stuff. I'm a doctor.
Cambridge bells fade up on the scene of friends grandpa dying and we dissolve to the now not perfectly manicured lawns of an Ivy League medical
kegs and date rapes of old. No, it's it's good. Well, there's a couple ways the future will be better. There's there's more
education. There's put into this like sex ed is no longer about just what diseases you can get me actually tell kids
before they get horny about consent. Okay, so we zoom in on a medical proscenium and into a medical the medical class.
Son, I'm here to show you the medical college you should go to. And so what do you think? Hey, friend, it's real weird.
We have to watch these meetings, right? I know. Geez. I just want my son to pick the best college Princeton. All right,
okay, thank you, Mrs. Friend. And I think that will put an end to parents day here at medical school. If that's what you say,
always. But I never approved of it. It feels weird. Now, as we were saying, how does nanotechnology affect the human condition?
And what is human? After all, Mr. Friend, perhaps you'd be more willing to answer that or does your troll nature confuse the
issue? The camera whispers about friend whispers about friend. Not good enough. Weird. We is a weird guy. The camera
pushes through those students and lands on a troll like Dr. Friend. Now 21 years old from inside from inside his mind a voice
speaks. Trust your instincts, Doc. Do you like French fries, Doc? Trust your instincts, Doc.
My troll DNA has nothing to do with my work as a doctor. Oh, really? We have ourselves a protege. Wait, what do you
call it? A protege. I spent the year teaching in France. I'm your protege. Get out of here, Dave. All right.
So, ladies and gentlemen, please, I think this could be a teachable moment here at hologram, John F. Kennedy Ivy League Medical
School for the surgical and nanotechnological art. Please do indulge us, the world's first troll surgeon. What do you feel
about Hellman's law regarding the inefficacy of nanotechnological devices in the bloodstream?
Inefficacy? Good word. Dana, also out. This is not English. I'm sorry. I do worry we were having tea in the
hole. Also, you, Mrs. Stevenson. I don't care how much I'm blind on my ret. Doctor, doctor, I would love to.
Professor, Professor, do you mean to tell me that you're going to let a troll person get up and tell me about
nanotechnology? Yes, you all have to start listening. It's a new world. Trolls are every bit as worthy and
acceptable as doctors as any of the rest of you. And I'm going to prove it. We will. As, as friend
speaks, sweat drips from his armpits in a way that is inhuman and it creates puddles beneath him.
Well, perhaps before you advise us on our physiology, you should manage your own. Look at the puddles.
But he's not wrong. Look at the puddles. You'll have to work much harder or the world will have to get
much worse before you're successful. Just, just as his competition is happening. I'll work harder.
And you'll regret this as long as you live. The professors, the professors face begins to melt
like butter in a microwave dripping to the ground. Beautiful. Blood goes into a signature that says
Dr. Friend. Cut to 2000 something, but it's a courtroom. It's a futuristic courtroom. Dr. Friend
is in shackles facing a hologram of a judge. Dr. Friend. Dr. Friend. Is it in fact your contention
that you have the power of the mind at your will as a healing device? I'm reminded, of course,
of the story of a child who had a mere human cold, which has been eradicated for some decades.
But his parents thought that they could through Christian science and the word of God heal this
young man and did not give him syrup of Ipacaca, Sudafed, or whatever crude inventions they had
at that time. Is it possible that you, as a non-human doctor, claim to understand the human
workings that were first profligated by Von Lee and hooking his microscope?
Your Honor, is there a question for my clients? The question is. Prosecutor Sanders, we've asked
this many times before. If you could please rephrase your monologues into a single sentence.
Objection, Your Honor. And I don't think she knew what she was going to say after she said
Prosecutor Sanders. Orderly asshole. Well now, Ms. Emily. Hold on. Your objection was about me
not knowing what I was going to say in an improvised sketch? Don't take it personally.
I'm not. I'm not. I'm just a loyal as the Latinos would say abogato in a three-dimensional
situation, but we have added a fourth dimension and a fifth dimension, and I'm reminded of Sophocles
who once said, good lord, how is a person to defend themselves when they don't own enemy?
As this courtroom drama is unfolding, a weird green vapor starts filling up the courtroom
from underneath the cracks in the doors. Spencer? Yes. Yes, Jeff. Tell him about the
gases coming into the room. Oh, it's, there's gas. As a court stenographer, I'm sorry to weigh in
on the record, but something's wrong with the gas coming from the flower. The gas, the gas itself
flows from amorphous diaphanous to solid and stinking form. I'm just, I'm talking as fast as I
can. I'm just a jury member, but I tell you what, this gas makes me want to say everything I never
did. I wish I would have taken a bath and a barrel of flour. I wish I would have hit a man with my
car. One by one, people from the back of the courtroom start dropping dead and suffocating
from this green vapor emanating through the room. While it's happening, because it's such
dramatic juxtaposition, Dr. Friend, as if he's not the one making it happen, gives his final argument
about himself. I am a troll, but I'm more than just a troll. I'm a troll who cares deeply about
all species. Objection, your honor, people are interrupting his monologue right now.
It's in my head. I was adopted. I just realized I'm adopted. And you're all,
all of you going to regret this day because I'm going to right now clear the green fog from this
room just before you die. And then you're going to see the sort of troll I am. As your lawyer,
I would have been appreciating being brought in on this strategy. As the green fog clears,
there is nothing left but a sea or galley, as they call it, gallery. What do they call it in
the courtroom? A sea of corpses, corpses. I'm a lowly court stenographer, but I know from going
to college it's a galley of dead people. You're alive! It's a bit surprising that a troll would
surprise me with science. Wait, as a tall man or a black man? Well, you know, I'm part of a lot
of old qualities, but really the thing is, it's a science. As Dr. Friend slips out the courtroom
doors, we crane shot on the conversation between those two characters who are immune to green gas.
Cut to a Rolling Stones cue blares as we cut to the inside of a cyber tavern.
Just to clarify, Dr. Friend did not save those people. No, everyone died. Okay. Sorry, go ahead.
I'll never stop. Please allow me to introduce myself. I'm the overused Rolling Stones cue.
I'm the song that's used every time you want. Yeah, it's like $45,000 every time you use it.
The camera pushes down the bar. As visa holograms inform us of the state of the new world,
the dragon president has been assassinated. BTL ships are infected with VVRL viral nanos.
Women are equal. That's the sci-fi future. Everything's insane. Women are equal. Everyone has agency.
As your new president, Herman Cain, you know, folks once asked me what would I do
if I did not win this election and I said I would make mayonnaise.
In fact, I did win the presidency and I'm still going to make mayonnaise.
I am reminded of the movie motion picture officer and a gentleman in which Richard
Gears' character's name was Mayo, but his nickname was Mayonnaise. We arrive at a lone Dr. Friend,
now fully troll, now fully alone. He nurses his indescript drink through troll lips
and mutters to himself dramatically.
I wonder if I'll ever get over the guilt that I feel for not having cured all of those people in
the courtroom. Why can't you save me? Your indescript wounds haunt you.
You know what? The thing is Obamacare doc, Obamacare, and French fries. Do you like them?
You haven't fixed anything. You talk about saving people. The camera swivels to reveal
a trench-co-cloaked troll of a different age nursing his own drink.
He knocks back the glass with the air of an old school drunk before turning his yellow gaze
on his racial compatriot. Fuck people. Fuck them all. What do you mean?
What, how many favors have they done you? Did they cure you?
They give a fuck whether you live or die? Doctor? No, they didn't.
My name is Detective Emil Trollinger. Of Emil Trollinger, Trollinger.
It's a German name, but I was originally Jewish. Jewish, Jewish, Jewish. Think about how that feels.
Feels, feels. We cut to the moment when he became German and not Jewish. Or not.
Why is Ellis Island still open? So embarrassing, embarrassing, embarrassing.
Why do I have to... Well, we were working on some sort of trap. Cut back. What are you saying to me?
I'm saying to you that this world we used to think was a world is the world we thought came after
this world. This is hell, my friend, and it's divided into two groups of people. People who give a fuck
of people who live to see tomorrow. Give a fuck, see tomorrow. My name is Detective Trollinger.
Trollinger, Trollinger, Trollinger. I used to be a cop until I became a fucking troll.
A fucking troll, a fucking troll. Now I organize Shadow Runs for Shadow Runners.
And if you call or visit text this number, you could get involved in that world.
Complicated, complicated, complicated. Visit text is bullshit. I don't care. Why wouldn't you just...
Those voices you're hearing are called what the troll community calls the inner critic.
Don't deny me, don't deny me. I'm totally... You know, the thing that... What I like the most
is ice cream, doc. I'd like to go to Martha's. One of the troll voices is just Obama talking about.
Just do my best. That's our curse.
Hey, Trollinger, Trollinger, you're gonna order something? I'm trying to run a cybertavern here.
Hey, what are you looking at? Where's the horseshoe? I'll take double what I had on the side of the hair.
Trollinger, I have worked very hard to achieve something in my life,
and I've been knocked down every time I stood up.
Oh, well, you must be the only one. Sound of my eyes rolling so far back, they roll back around
and came up from the bottom in our forever owed one rotation.
As Trollinger says this, he starts to feel his heart beat harder and harder.
Boom, boom. Funny thing about... Boom, boom.
Troll bodies. They can take a punch, but not from God or Hitler.
Do me a favor, doc. Don't save me. Don't save me. This is no life.
I won't. Maybe... No, wait! Maybe you break the rule this time.
That goes against my code. I have to save you. I can do no harm.
Oh, Hippocratic Oath...
Oh my God, Julie, did I hear you say Hippocratic Oath?
Hippocratic Oath, right?
Oh my God, it left me so much elbow pain.
There it was. Seriously.
When I was studying nursing, Hippocratic Oath Betch.
Oh my God, first of all, when you started...
I just want to say... You know it, right?
I just want to say you always shit on your haircut when you started nursing,
but seriously, it was so cute.
Oh my God, but it's totally bad.
Somebody save that man. He's dying over there. There's a man dying in the bar.
Back to the present at Hank's Last Stand,
where Dr. Friend was revealing his past to the gang.
We're just being nurses. Fuck.
We fucking do shit all day.
All day long.
So sometimes we fucking hang out and talk about shoes.
What about you? What do you do? Do you save lives?
Meanwhile, in the future...
In the future!
In a goddamn board game, we like to save lives.
And save this guy.
As the nurses continue talking,
we move from the planet into the vacuum of space,
and slowly to the center of the universe,
where God and Hitler float in the center of all reality.
And they're watching a sitcom about two nurses called...
I'm silent. I'm a female. I'm silent.
God and Hitler are watching a sitcom called Perkler and Perkler's.
They live on the Upper East Side, and they have girlfriends, and they're gross.
And we're crazy about it, not really.
Hitler's hand reaches out with a remote.
God's closes over the top of it, stopping him.
Don't, Hitler.
I just have a problem with the way you treat yourself.
I feel like he treats himself so badly.
Wait, me or him? Me or your husband?
Both of you, but you more.
Okay, I know.
Just imagine you're so fast.
Stenos Klopengas!
That has been Harmontown.
Craig Kikowski, everybody.
D'Amose Brown.
Erin McGathy, Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Curtis Armstrong, everybody.
Hagit Brewster.
And your mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon.
And Kris Boruff, and Sarah Hill, and Zac McKeever, who are back there doing all the technical
shit every week.
Chris and Sarah are doing the live streaming stuff.
Earthshine Jane for laying down the sexy booze on us.
Yeah, for hunting down Curtis on the streets.
I think we did it.
Did you get any of that?
Yeah, it's a good show.